*Java Assignment (Final)* 

1. Write a program in Java for a shipping database using multilevel inheritance with at least 3 classes. All classes must have two member variables and a two-member method.

2. Write a program in Java to calculate the area of different shapes using polymorphism and inheritance.

3. Write a program in Java for Hospital management using Multilevel inheritance with at least 3 classes all classes must have two-member variable and two -member method.

4. Write a program in Java for Library management using Multilevel inheritance with at least 3 classes all classes must have two-member variable and two -member method.

5. Write a program in Java for Railway management using Multilevel inheritance with at least 3 classes all classes must have two-member variable and two -member method.

6. Write a program in Java to implement stack data structure.

7. Write a program in Java to implement queue data structure.

8. Write a program in Java for University admission system using packages.

9. Write a program in Java to implement stack data structure using package and interface.

10. Write a program in Java to implement package and interface with inheritance.

11. Write a program in Java to create your own exception.

12. Write a program in Java for nested try catch.

13. Write a program in Java to create multiple threads.

14. Write a program in Java to demonstrate priority assigning to multiple threads.

15. Write a program in Java to implement producer-consumer program using inter-thread communication.

16. Write a program in Java to implement banker-algorithm in order to prevent deadlock.

17. Write a program in Java to count the vowels of a 2-to-3-line text.

18. Create a file A.txt and copy the content of A.txt to B.txt.

19. Write a program in Java to create a banner using Applet.

20. Write a Java Program to write a native method.

21. Write a Java program to implement any five function of String.

22. Write a Java program to demonstrate InetAddress.

23. Write a Java program to demonstrate getPort().

24. Write a Java program to demonstrate URL.

25. Write a Java program to demonstrate datagram.

26. Write a Java program to implement keyboard event listener. 

27. Write a Java program to implement mouse event listener (click, enter, exited, pressed, release).

28. Write a Java program to create a child frame window from within an applet.

29. Write a Java program to create a night view of the sky using applet.

30. Write a Java program to create a sand clock using applet.

31. Write a Java program to bounce more than one ball.

32. Write a Java program to create a digital clock.

33. Write a Java program to create an analog clock.

34. Write a Java program to create India’s flag.

35. Write a Java program to create Ashok Chakra.

36. Write a Java program to create concentric circles in different colours.

37. Write a Java program to create different shapes.

38. Write a Java program to display the fonts of a text.

39. Write a Java program to display a text in a specific location on window.

40. Write a Java program to demonstrate labels.

41. Write a Java program to demonstrate buttons.

42. Write a Java program to demonstrate checkbox.

43. Write a Java program to demonstrate checkbox group.

44. Write a Java program to demonstrate list.

45. Write a Java program to demonstrate handing scroll bar.

46. Write a Java program to create a calculator.

47. Write a Java program to demonstrate menu bar.

48. Write a Java program to display an image.

49. Write a Java program to demonstrate sound effect.

50. Write a Java Program for multiple exception in a single code.